Create 26_Interfaces_and_traits.md (#7147)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/05_Objects/01_Object_Classes/05_Class_Settings/26_Interfaces_and_traits.md

##### Create the interface
```php
<?php
// src/AppBundle/Model/Product/TransmissionInterface.php

namespace AppBundle\Model\Product;

interface TransmissionInterface
{
    /**
     * @return string|null
     */
    public function getGearboxType(): ?string;

    /**
     * @return int|null
     */
    public function getNumberOfGears(): ?int;
}
```

##### Create the trait
Returns a GearboxType and a number of gears.
```php
<?php
// src/AppBundle/Traits/TransmissionTrait.php

namespace AppBundle\Traits;

trait TransmissionTrait
{
    public function getGearboxType(): ?string
    {
        return "manual";
    }

    public function getNumberOfGears(): ?int
    {
        return 5;
    }
}

```

## Use it with Cars product data
Navigate to the Settings *Settings* -> *Data Objects* -> *Classes* -> *Product Data* -> *Car*

Click on *General Settings* and paste your interface and trait path into `Implements interface(s)` and `Use (traits)`

![Example Screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15780280/94515658-5995cd80-0224-11eb-9992-243036ab3158.png)

Save your changes

> It will generate the `implements \AppBundle\Model\Product\TransmissionInterface` and the `
> use \AppBundle\Traits\TransmissionTrait;` lines within the DataObject Class. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will generate the `implements \AppBundle\Model\Product\TransmissionInterface` and the
`use \AppBundle\Traits\TransmissionTrait;` lines within the DataObject Class.

```

> # Using interfaces and traits

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Using Interfaces and Traits
```

> In some cases you need to implement interfaces and overwrite some provided functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some cases it could be helpful to let the generated PHP class for data objects implement interfaces or add some additional functions using traits.
```

##### Example

> I used the demo project to show the usage of this feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example uses the demo project to show the usage of this features.
```

> Extending cars to have a gearbox function to indidcate which type of shifting is used. This will be done with an interface and a trait to implement the functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're extending the `Cars` class with methods to retrieve the transmission type as well as the amount of gears. This will be done by implementing an interface and a trait that adds the required methods.
```

# Using interfaces and traits
In some cases you need to implement interfaces and overwrite some provided functions.

##### Example

> ```
> Extending the customer management framework by implementing Symfony's UserInterface and overwritting the `getRoles` method to provide a default role for each user or
> use a different value as username
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extending the customer management framework by implementing Symfony's UserInterface and overwriting the `getRoles` method to provide a default role for each user or use a different value as username.
```
